proj_1/read_me.md, before:

=begin
USER STORIES

As a learner, I want to use a deck of cards to study countries and their capitals
[X]  Create a card
  [X]  Use a question-answer pair
[?]  View a card (question only???)
  []? View a specific card (Q and A)  
[X]  Edit a card
  []? Edit both the country and capital?
[X]  Delete a card

As a programmer, I want to be able to validate the user input data
[X] Validate card info!
  [] Should it display an error or just not save the data?

As a programmer, I want to be sure my methods work properly
[] Write tests

As a learner, once I have a bunch of cards, I want to play
[] Has a card been answered correctly? Boolean
  [X] Auto populate new cards with false
[X] Display unanswered card country
[X] Display unanswered card city
[] Do not display cards once they have been correctly answered

In order to focus on one area, I want to be able to sort my cards into categories

In order to track my progress, I would like to track my score
[] Record correctness on each viewing


DIARY

Creating a card:
  What information should it have?
  Question
  Answer
  Has it been answered correctly?  

Creating a deck:
  Out of cards

Are all cards created with a category?

Where/how to list user's score

What to do with answered cards

Creating the menu


=end

Commit message:

functional, no tests, no view by category

proj_1/read_me.md, after:

=begin
USER STORIES

As a learner, I want to use a deck of cards to study countries and their capitals
[X]  Create a card
  [X]  Use a question-answer pair
[X]  View a card (question only)
  []? View a specific card (Q and A)  
[X]  Edit a card
  [X] Edit both the country and capital?
[X]  Delete a card

As a programmer, I want to be able to validate the user input data
[X] Validate card info!
  [] Should it display an error or just not save the data?

As a programmer, I want to be sure my methods work properly
[] Write tests

As a learner, once I have a bunch of cards, I want to play
[X] Has a card been answered correctly? Boolean
  [X] Auto populate new cards with false
[X] Display unanswered card country
[X] Display unanswered card city
[X] Do not display cards once they have been correctly answered
[X] Loop through until all cards have been answered true
  [] Display message and exit if all cards = true
[X] Call a new deck

In order to track my progress, I would like to track my score
[X] Record correctness on each viewing

In order to focus on one area, I want to be able to sort my cards into categories
[X] Create existing categories for the cards
[X] Be able to list all categories
[] Be able to view cards in one category



DIARY

Creating a card:
  What information should it have?
  Question
  Answer
  Has it been answered correctly?  

Creating a deck:
  Out of cards

Are all cards created with a category?
  created with a default category?  sorted into other categories?
  should the user create categories?

Where/how to list user's score

What to do with answered cards

Creating the menu


=end
